loading cipher text...
loaded cipher text! ready for replacement
replace r e
levmnie bpe sumvbwve jx bpe lmiwv yjeeyekbi jx qmbm wi
bpe xjvni mkd ymibeut jx iehx wi bpe eiiekve jx
ymbinlmtmipw utn qmumbe dj w ipmhh but bj ehnvwdmbe bpe
yjeeyekbi jx bpe qmbm mvvjudwko bj yt wkbeusuebmbwjk
lmied jk xjubt temui jx ibndt

wb wi kjb mk emit bmiq bj eashmwk emvp yjeeyekb mkd wbi
iwokwxwvmkve mkd ijye ynib ueymwk nkeashmwked bj owee m
vjyshebe eashmkmbwjk jke cjnhd pmee bj le fnmhwxwed mkd
wkiswued bj invp mk eabekb bpmb pe vjnhd uemvp bpe ibmbe
jx ekhwopbeked ywkd vmsmlhe jx uevjokwgwko ijnkdheii
ijnkd mkd ipmseheii ipmse w dj kjb deey ytiehx bpe xwkmh
mnbpjuwbt lnb yt easeuwekve cwbp qmbm pmi hexb kj djnlb
bpmb bpe xjhhjcwko wi bpe sujseu msshwvmbwjk mkd
wkbeusuebmbwjk w jxxeu yt bpejuwei wk bpe pjse bpmb bpe
eiiekve jx jqwkmcmk qmumbe cwhh ueymwk wkbmvb

replace b t
levmnie tpe sumvtwve jx tpe lmiwv yjeeyekti jx qmtm wi
tpe xjvni mkd ymiteut jx iehx wi tpe eiiekve jx
ymtinlmtmipw utn qmumte dj w ipmhh tut tj ehnvwdmte tpe
yjeeyekti jx tpe qmtm mvvjudwko tj yt wkteusuetmtwjk
lmied jk xjutt temui jx itndt

wt wi kjt mk emit tmiq tj eashmwk emvp yjeeyekt mkd wti
iwokwxwvmkve mkd ijye ynit ueymwk nkeashmwked tj owee m
vjyshete eashmkmtwjk jke cjnhd pmee tj le fnmhwxwed mkd
wkiswued tj invp mk eatekt tpmt pe vjnhd uemvp tpe itmte
jx ekhwopteked ywkd vmsmlhe jx uevjokwgwko ijnkdheii
ijnkd mkd ipmseheii ipmse w dj kjt deey ytiehx tpe xwkmh
mntpjuwtt lnt yt easeuwekve cwtp qmtm pmi hext kj djnlt
tpmt tpe xjhhjcwko wi tpe sujseu msshwvmtwjk mkd
wkteusuetmtwjk w jxxeu yt tpejuwei wk tpe pjse tpmt tpe
eiiekve jx jqwkmcmk qmumte cwhh ueymwk wktmvt

replace m a
levanie tpe suavtwve jx tpe laiwv yjeeyekti jx qata wi
tpe xjvni akd yaiteut jx iehx wi tpe eiiekve jx
yatinlataipw utn qauate dj w ipahh tut tj ehnvwdate tpe
yjeeyekti jx tpe qata avvjudwko tj yt wkteusuetatwjk
laied jk xjutt teaui jx itndt

wt wi kjt ak eait taiq tj eashawk eavp yjeeyekt akd wti
iwokwxwvakve akd ijye ynit ueyawk nkeashawked tj owee a
vjyshete eashakatwjk jke cjnhd paee tj le fnahwxwed akd
wkiswued tj invp ak eatekt tpat pe vjnhd ueavp tpe itate
jx ekhwopteked ywkd vasalhe jx uevjokwgwko ijnkdheii
ijnkd akd ipaseheii ipase w dj kjt deey ytiehx tpe xwkah
antpjuwtt lnt yt easeuwekve cwtp qata pai hext kj djnlt
tpat tpe xjhhjcwko wi tpe sujseu asshwvatwjk akd
wkteusuetatwjk w jxxeu yt tpejuwei wk tpe pjse tpat tpe
eiiekve jx jqwkacak qauate cwhh ueyawk wktavt

replace k n
levanie tpe suavtwve jx tpe laiwv yjeeyenti jx qata wi
tpe xjvni and yaiteut jx iehx wi tpe eiienve jx
yatinlataipw utn qauate dj w ipahh tut tj ehnvwdate tpe
yjeeyenti jx tpe qata avvjudwno tj yt wnteusuetatwjn
laied jn xjutt teaui jx itndt

wt wi njt an eait taiq tj eashawn eavp yjeeyent and wti
iwonwxwvanve and ijye ynit ueyawn nneashawned tj owee a
vjyshete eashanatwjn jne cjnhd paee tj le fnahwxwed and
wniswued tj invp an eatent tpat pe vjnhd ueavp tpe itate
jx enhwoptened ywnd vasalhe jx uevjonwgwno ijnndheii
ijnnd and ipaseheii ipase w dj njt deey ytiehx tpe xwnah
antpjuwtt lnt yt easeuwenve cwtp qata pai hext nj djnlt
tpat tpe xjhhjcwno wi tpe sujseu asshwvatwjn and
wnteusuetatwjn w jxxeu yt tpejuwei wn tpe pjse tpat tpe
eiienve jx jqwnacan qauate cwhh ueyawn wntavt

replace j o
levanie tpe suavtwve ox tpe laiwv yoeeyenti ox qata wi
tpe xovni and yaiteut ox iehx wi tpe eiienve ox
yatinlataipw utn qauate do w ipahh tut to ehnvwdate tpe
yoeeyenti ox tpe qata avvoudwno to yt wnteusuetatwon
laied on xoutt teaui ox itndt

wt wi not an eait taiq to eashawn eavp yoeeyent and wti
iwonwxwvanve and ioye ynit ueyawn nneashawned to owee a
voyshete eashanatwon one conhd paee to le fnahwxwed and
wniswued to invp an eatent tpat pe vonhd ueavp tpe itate
ox enhwoptened ywnd vasalhe ox uevoonwgwno ionndheii
ionnd and ipaseheii ipase w do not deey ytiehx tpe xwnah
antpouwtt lnt yt easeuwenve cwtp qata pai hext no donlt
tpat tpe xohhocwno wi tpe suoseu asshwvatwon and
wnteusuetatwon w oxxeu yt tpeouwei wn tpe pose tpat tpe
eiienve ox oqwnacan qauate cwhh ueyawn wntavt

replace i s
levanse tpe suavtwve ox tpe laswv yoeeyents ox qata ws
tpe xovns and yasteut ox sehx ws tpe essenve ox
yatsnlataspw utn qauate do w spahh tut to ehnvwdate tpe
yoeeyents ox tpe qata avvoudwno to yt wnteusuetatwon
lased on xoutt teaus ox stndt

wt ws not an east tasq to eashawn eavp yoeeyent and wts
swonwxwvanve and soye ynst ueyawn nneashawned to owee a
voyshete eashanatwon one conhd paee to le fnahwxwed and
wnsswued to snvp an eatent tpat pe vonhd ueavp tpe state
ox enhwoptened ywnd vasalhe ox uevoonwgwno sonndhess
sonnd and spasehess spase w do not deey ytsehx tpe xwnah
antpouwtt lnt yt easeuwenve cwtp qata pas hext no donlt
tpat tpe xohhocwno ws tpe suoseu asshwvatwon and
wnteusuetatwon w oxxeu yt tpeouwes wn tpe pose tpat tpe
essenve ox oqwnacan qauate cwhh ueyawn wntavt

replace w i
levanse tpe suavtive ox tpe lasiv yoeeyents ox qata is
tpe xovns and yasteut ox sehx is tpe essenve ox
yatsnlataspi utn qauate do i spahh tut to ehnvidate tpe
yoeeyents ox tpe qata avvoudino to yt inteusuetation
lased on xoutt teaus ox stndt

it is not an east tasq to eashain eavp yoeeyent and its
sionixivanve and soye ynst ueyain nneashained to oiee a
voyshete eashanation one conhd paee to le fnahixied and
inssiued to snvp an eatent tpat pe vonhd ueavp tpe state
ox enhioptened yind vasalhe ox uevoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and spasehess spase i do not deey ytsehx tpe xinah
antpouitt lnt yt easeuienve citp qata pas hext no donlt
tpat tpe xohhocino is tpe suoseu asshivation and
inteusuetation i oxxeu yt tpeouies in tpe pose tpat tpe
essenve ox oqinacan qauate cihh ueyain intavt

replace p h
levanse the suavtive ox the lasiv yoeeyents ox qata is
the xovns and yasteut ox sehx is the essenve ox
yatsnlatashi utn qauate do i shahh tut to ehnvidate the
yoeeyents ox the qata avvoudino to yt inteusuetation
lased on xoutt teaus ox stndt

it is not an east tasq to eashain eavh yoeeyent and its
sionixivanve and soye ynst ueyain nneashained to oiee a
voyshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahixied and
inssiued to snvh an eatent that he vonhd ueavh the state
ox enhiohtened yind vasalhe ox uevoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deey ytsehx the xinah
anthouitt lnt yt easeuienve cith qata has hext no donlt
that the xohhocino is the suoseu asshivation and
inteusuetation i oxxeu yt theouies in the hose that the
essenve ox oqinacan qauate cihh ueyain intavt

replace u r
levanse the sravtive ox the lasiv yoeeyents ox qata is
the xovns and yastert ox sehx is the essenve ox
yatsnlatashi rtn qarate do i shahh trt to ehnvidate the
yoeeyents ox the qata avvordino to yt intersretation
lased on xortt tears ox stndt

it is not an east tasq to eashain eavh yoeeyent and its
sionixivanve and soye ynst reyain nneashained to oiee a
voyshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahixied and
inssired to snvh an eatent that he vonhd reavh the state
ox enhiohtened yind vasalhe ox revoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deey ytsehx the xinah
anthoritt lnt yt easerienve cith qata has hext no donlt
that the xohhocino is the sroser asshivation and
intersretation i oxxer yt theories in the hose that the
essenve ox oqinacan qarate cihh reyain intavt

replace x f
levanse the sravtive of the lasiv yoeeyents of qata is
the fovns and yastert of sehf is the essenve of
yatsnlatashi rtn qarate do i shahh trt to ehnvidate the
yoeeyents of the qata avvordino to yt intersretation
lased on fortt tears of stndt

it is not an east tasq to eashain eavh yoeeyent and its
sionifivanve and soye ynst reyain nneashained to oiee a
voyshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahified and
inssired to snvh an eatent that he vonhd reavh the state
of enhiohtened yind vasalhe of revoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deey ytsehf the finah
anthoritt lnt yt easerienve cith qata has heft no donlt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshivation and
intersretation i offer yt theories in the hose that the
essenve of oqinacan qarate cihh reyain intavt

replace q k
levanse the sravtive of the lasiv yoeeyents of kata is
the fovns and yastert of sehf is the essenve of
yatsnlatashi rtn karate do i shahh trt to ehnvidate the
yoeeyents of the kata avvordino to yt intersretation
lased on fortt tears of stndt

it is not an east task to eashain eavh yoeeyent and its
sionifivanve and soye ynst reyain nneashained to oiee a
voyshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahified and
inssired to snvh an eatent that he vonhd reavh the state
of enhiohtened yind vasalhe of revoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deey ytsehf the finah
anthoritt lnt yt easerienve cith kata has heft no donlt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshivation and
intersretation i offer yt theories in the hose that the
essenve of okinacan karate cihh reyain intavt

replace y m
levanse the sravtive of the lasiv moeements of kata is
the fovns and mastert of sehf is the essenve of
matsnlatashi rtn karate do i shahh trt to ehnvidate the
moeements of the kata avvordino to mt intersretation
lased on fortt tears of stndt

it is not an east task to eashain eavh moeement and its
sionifivanve and some mnst remain nneashained to oiee a
vomshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahified and
inssired to snvh an eatent that he vonhd reavh the state
of enhiohtened mind vasalhe of revoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deem mtsehf the finah
anthoritt lnt mt easerienve cith kata has heft no donlt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshivation and
intersretation i offer mt theories in the hose that the
essenve of okinacan karate cihh remain intavt

replace v c
lecanse the sractice of the lasic moeements of kata is
the focns and mastert of sehf is the essence of
matsnlatashi rtn karate do i shahh trt to ehncidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to mt intersretation
lased on fortt tears of stndt

it is not an east task to eashain each moeement and its
sionificance and some mnst remain nneashained to oiee a
comshete eashanation one conhd haee to le fnahified and
inssired to snch an eatent that he conhd reach the state
of enhiohtened mind casalhe of recoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deem mtsehf the finah
anthoritt lnt mt easerience cith kata has heft no donlt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshication and
intersretation i offer mt theories in the hose that the
essence of okinacan karate cihh remain intact

replace l b
becanse the sractice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focns and mastert of sehf is the essence of
matsnbatashi rtn karate do i shahh trt to ehncidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to mt intersretation
based on fortt tears of stndt

it is not an east task to eashain each moeement and its
sionificance and some mnst remain nneashained to oiee a
comshete eashanation one conhd haee to be fnahified and
inssired to snch an eatent that he conhd reach the state
of enhiohtened mind casabhe of recoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deem mtsehf the finah
anthoritt bnt mt easerience cith kata has heft no donbt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshication and
intersretation i offer mt theories in the hose that the
essence of okinacan karate cihh remain intact

replace t y
becanse the sractice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focns and mastery of sehf is the essence of
matsnbayashi ryn karate do i shahh try to ehncidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to my intersretation
based on forty years of stndy

it is not an easy task to eashain each moeement and its
sionificance and some mnst remain nneashained to oiee a
comshete eashanation one conhd haee to be fnahified and
inssired to snch an eatent that he conhd reach the state
of enhiohtened mind casabhe of recoonigino sonndhess
sonnd and shasehess shase i do not deem mysehf the finah
anthority bnt my easerience cith kata has heft no donbt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshication and
intersretation i offer my theories in the hose that the
essence of okinacan karate cihh remain intact

replace n u
because the sractice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focus and mastery of sehf is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shahh try to ehucidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to my intersretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to eashain each moeement and its
sionificance and some must remain uneashained to oiee a
comshete eashanation one couhd haee to be fuahified and
inssired to such an eatent that he couhd reach the state
of enhiohtened mind casabhe of recoonigino soundhess
sound and shasehess shase i do not deem mysehf the finah
authority but my easerience cith kata has heft no doubt
that the fohhocino is the sroser asshication and
intersretation i offer my theories in the hose that the
essence of okinacan karate cihh remain intact

replace h l
because the sractice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to my intersretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to easlain each moeement and its
sionificance and some must remain uneaslained to oiee a
comslete easlanation one could haee to be fualified and
inssired to such an eatent that he could reach the state
of enliohtened mind casable of recoonigino soundless
sound and shaseless shase i do not deem myself the final
authority but my easerience cith kata has left no doubt
that the follocino is the sroser asslication and
intersretation i offer my theories in the hose that the
essence of okinacan karate cill remain intact

replace s p
because the practice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to eaplain each moeement and its
sionificance and some must remain uneaplained to oiee a
complete eaplanation one could haee to be fualified and
inspired to such an eatent that he could reach the state
of enliohtened mind capable of recoonigino soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my eaperience cith kata has left no doubt
that the follocino is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinacan karate cill remain intact

replace c w
because the practice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
moeements of the kata accordino to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to eaplain each moeement and its
sionificance and some must remain uneaplained to oiee a
complete eaplanation one would haee to be fualified and
inspired to such an eatent that he could reach the state
of enliohtened mind capable of recoonigino soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my eaperience with kata has left no doubt
that the followino is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

replace o g
because the practice of the basic moeements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
moeements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to eaplain each moeement and its
significance and some must remain uneaplained to giee a
complete eaplanation one would haee to be fualified and
inspired to such an eatent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recogniging soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my eaperience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

replace e v
because the practice of the basic movements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
movements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to eaplain each movement and its
significance and some must remain uneaplained to give a
complete eaplanation one would have to be fualified and
inspired to such an eatent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recogniging soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my eaperience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

replace a x
because the practice of the basic movements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
movements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to explain each movement and its
significance and some must remain unexplained to give a
complete explanation one would have to be fualified and
inspired to such an extent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recogniging soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my experience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

replace f q
because the practice of the basic movements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
movements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to explain each movement and its
significance and some must remain unexplained to give a
complete explanation one would have to be qualified and
inspired to such an extent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recogniging soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my experience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

replace g z
because the practice of the basic movements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
movements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

it is not an easy task to explain each movement and its
significance and some must remain unexplained to give a
complete explanation one would have to be qualified and
inspired to such an extent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recognizing soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my experience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

